optimizer-fix-controls, explain-index-merge: add optimizer fix control 52869 for index merge (#17380)
pingcap/docs: explain-index-merge.md

>
> - You can use the SQL hint [`USE_INDEX_MERGE`](/optimizer-hints.md#use_index_merget1_name-idx1_name--idx2_name-) to force the optimizer to apply Index Merge, regardless of the setting of `tidb_enable_index_merge`. To enable Index Merge when the filtering conditions contain expressions that cannot be pushed down, you must use the SQL hint [`USE_INDEX_MERGE`](/optimizer-hints.md#use_index_merget1_name-idx1_name--idx2_name-).
>

> > - If the optimizer can choose the single index scan method (other than full table scan) for a query plan, the optimizer will not automatically use index merge. For the optimizer to use index merge, you need to use the optimizer hint. Starting from v8.1.0, this limitation can be disabled by using [Optimizer Fix Control 52869](/optimizer-fix-controls.md#52869-new-in-v810). Disabling this limitation enables the optimizer to choose index merge automatically for more quries, but may also make the optimizer miss better execution plans. So It's recommended to do sufficient testing for specific scenarios before disabling this limitation to make sure it won't cause performance regressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the optimizer can choose the single index scan method (other than full table scan) for a query plan, the optimizer will not automatically use index merge. For the optimizer to use index merge, you need to use the optimizer hint. Starting from v8.1.0, this limitation can be removed by setting [Optimizer Fix Control 52869](/optimizer-fix-controls.md#52869-new-in-v810). Removing this limitation enables the optimizer to choose index merge automatically in more scenarios, but may also make the optimizer ignore the optimal execution plans. So It's recommended to do sufficient testing for real use cases before removing this limitation to make sure it won't cause performance regressions.
```
